XSUP-41320/kafkav3 (#37269)
demisto/content: Packs/Kafka/Integrations/KafkaV3/README.md

    | Topic to fetch incidents from (Required for fetch incidents) |  | False |
    | CSV list of partitions to fetch messages from |  | False |
    | Offset to fetch messages from (exclusive) | The initial offset to start fetching from, not including the value set \(e.g., if 3 is set, the first event that will be fetched will be with offset 4\). If you want to start from the earliest or latest, type in 'earliest' or 'latest' accordingly. | False |
    | Maximum number of messages to fetch |  | False |

>     | Stop consuming upon timeout | When fetching a large amount of messages (100+), we recommend to terminate the consumption of messages upon timeout. This will lead to the termination of the fetch when no messages are received after a defined period of time, instead of continuing to request messages until the number of messages specified in the 'max_fetch' parameter is reached. | False |

Reviewer: Lets change according to the yml

Author: Resolved - was changed to the suggestion.

| topic | A topic to get messages from. | Required | 
| offset | Message offset to filter by. Acceptable values are 'Earliest', 'Latest', or any other offest number. Default is Earliest. | Optional | 
| partition | Partition (number). | Optional | 

> | poll_timeout | Poll timeout to consume the message. | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| poll_timeout | Poll timeout when consuming the message (default is 1). | Optional |
```
